[Dr.Dre]
Right about now, NWA court is in full effect.
Judge Dre presiding in the case of NWA versus the police department.
Prosecuting attorneys are MC Ren, Ice Cube, and Eazy mother fucking E.
Order, order, order. Ice Cube, take the mother fucking stand.
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth
and nothing but the truth so help your black ass?
[Ice Cube]
You're goddamn right!
[Dr.Dre]
Why don't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say?
[Ice Cube]
Fuck the police
Comin’ straight from the underground
Young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown
And not the other color so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit, cause I ain't the one
For a punk mother fucker with a badge and a gun
To be beatin’ on, and throw in jail
We could go toe to toe in the middle of a cell
Fuckin with me cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searching my car, looking for the product
Thinking every nigga is selling narcotics
You'd rather see me in the pen
Then me and Lorenzo rolling in the Benzo
Beat the police outta shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still can't swallow bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
Cause they slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any mother fucker in a blue uniform
Just cause I'm from the CPT, punk police are afraid of me
A young nigga on a war path
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dying in LA
Yo Dre, I got something to say
[Eazy-E]
Fuck the police (4X)
[Dr.Dre]
Example of scene one:
Pull your goddamn ass over right now
[MC Ren]
Ah shit, what the fuck you pulling me over for?
[Dr.Dre]
Cause I feel like it, Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up
[MC Ren]
Man, fuck this shit
[Dr.Dre]
Alright smartass, I'm taking your black ass to jail
M. C. Ren, will you please give your testimony to the jury about this fucked up
incident.
[MC Ren]
Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
because the niggaz on the street is a majority.
A gang, is with whoever I'm stepping
and the mother fucking weapon
is kept in a stash box, for the so-called law
wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga so they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives em a hint not to step in my path
To the police I'm saying fuck you punk
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake assed badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it punk, I'ma fuck you up
Make ya think I'm a kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'm a smoke em now, and not next time
Smoke any mother fucker that sweats me
Or any ass hole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Takin out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The mother fucking villain that's mad
With potential to get bad as fuck
So I'm a turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound [Bang, Bang]
Ya, something like that, but it all depends on the size of the gat
Taking out a police would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say
[Eazy-E]
Fuck the police (4X)
[Eazy-E]
Yo, man, what you need?
[Dr.Dre]
Police, open now. We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
Get down and put your hands up where I can see em
Just shut the fuck up and get your muthafuckin ass on the floor [Huh]
Yo Eazy-E, why don't you step up to the stand
and tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit
[Eazy-E]
I'm tired of the mother fucking jacking
Sweating my gang while I'm chilling in the shacking
Shining the light in my face, and for what
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe cause I blast
On a stupid assed nigga when I'm playing with the trigger
Of any Uzi or an AK Cause the police always got something stupid to say
They put up my picture with silence
Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got?
A sucker in a uniform waiting to get shot,
By me, or another nigga.
and with a gat it don't matter if he's smarter or bigger
[MC Ren: Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school, fool]
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rolling, keep looking in the mirror
And there's no cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb mother fucker with a gun
And if I'm rolling off the 8, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
And while I'm driving off laughing
This is what I'll say
[Eazy-E]
Fuck the police (4X)
[Dr.Dre]
The verdict
The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck,
white bread, chicken shit mother fucker
Wait, that's a lie. That's a goddamn lie
I want justice! I want justice!
Fuck you, you black mother fucker
[Eazy-E]
Fuck the police (3X)