{Dr. Dre} {First Verse}
Y'all know me, still the same ole G, but I been low key
Hated on by most these niggas with no cheese, no deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys, no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis
Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all fulla tracks to add to the walls fulla plaques
Hanging up in the office and back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my doe freeze, hoe please, you betta bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees? Who you think brought you the Oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cubes and D.O.C's,
The Snoop D-O double G's and the group that said mother fuck the police
Gave you a tape full dope beats to bump when you stroll through in ya hood
And when you albums sales wasn't doin' too good who's the Doctor they told you to go see?
Y'all better listen up closely, all you niggas that said that I'd turned pop
On the firm flop, y'all are the reason Dre ain't been gettin' no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all
If y'all don't like me... Blow me
Y'all gone keep fuckin' around with me and turn me back to the old me
{Eminem} {Chorus} (2x)
Nowadays everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips,
Jus a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act, like they Forgot About Dre
{Second Verse}
So what do you say to some body you hate? (What)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve thing's in a bloodier way? (Yup)
Just study a tape of NWA
One day I was walkin by, with a walkman on, when I caught a guy
Givin me an awkward eye so I strangled him off at the parkin lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not I'm harder than me tryna park a dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage
Hoppin out with 2 broken legs tryna walk it off, fuck you too bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfuckin barkin dogs
And when the cops came through me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches and still weren't found out (Right here)
So from here goin out it's the Chronic Two, startin today and tomorrows the new
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death wit a Charleston chew
chikka-chikka-chikka Slim Shady, hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up when the temp goes up to the mid 80's
Callin men ladies
Sorry doc but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me
It's OK go with him Hailey (Da Da?)
{Chorus}(2x)
{Dr Dre} {Third Verse}
If it was up to me you motherfuckers would stop comin' up to me with ya hands out
Lookin' up to me, like you want somethin' free
When my last CD was out you wasn't bumpin' me
But now that I gots a lil company everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me cause I'm from the streets of Compton!
I told 'em all, all them lil gangsters who you think help mold 'em all?
Now you wanna run around talk about guns like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all?
Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin Dre fell off?
What Cause I been in the lab with a pen n a pad tryna get this damn label off?
I ain't havin that
This is the millennium of Aftermath and ain't gonna be nothin after that
So gimmie one more platinum plaque and fuck rap, you can have it back
So wheres all the mad rappers at? It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats when you were cuddlin' a cabbage patch
{Eminem} {Chorus} x3